README.md, before:

# This could become important

## Todos

Replace tableImage usage with addon-image usage

Check wether Tools --> onFirstInit --> setData("AvKalender") can use json instead of string
Krankheits/Giftprobe --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is needed in campaign macro
Change Character/Token Option --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is needed in campaign macro
roll initiative --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is always needed and put it in addon macro instead of campaign macro
raise initiative --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is always needed and put it in addon macro instead of campaign macro
decrease initiative --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is always needed and put it in addon macro instead of campaign macro
manual initiative --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is always needed and put it in addon macro instead of campaign macro
attack --> -''-
add SchiP --> -''-
remove SchiP --> -''-
add Astralenergie --> -''-
remove Astralenergie --> -''-
add Karmeenergie --> -''-
remove Karmeenergie --> -''-
counter --> -''-
countUp --> -''-
countDown --> -''-

--------
Credits
--------

Vielen Dank an alle kreativen Köpfe die ihre Grafik-Arbeiten kostenlos zur Verfügung stellen, damit Projekte wie dieses hier nicht nur funktionieren, sondern auch noch gut aussehen:
Ashiroxzer, Ravenmore (http://dycha.net), Lamoot, TRaK, StumpyStrust, game-icons.net, CoveredInFish, yd, Silver Style Studios GmbH (Heldenatelier Fanpaket), Ulisses

Weiterhin Dank an:
- Farlon - Entwickler des Frameworks für DSA 4.1 auf dessen Arbeit ich aufsetzten durfte
- EvS - Der viel der Vorarbeit geleistet hat Farlons Framework zu portieren
- Lector - Entwickler, der das Framework zu dem gebracht hat, was es jetzt ist

Commit message:

fix image usage for tools table

README.md, after:

# This could become important

## Todos

Replace tableImage usage with addon-image usage

Represent patzerNahkampf table as json?
Represent patzerZauber table as json?
Represent patzerWaffenlos table as json?

Check wether Tools --> onFirstInit --> setData("AvKalender") can use json instead of string
Krankheits/Giftprobe --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is needed in campaign macro
Change Character/Token Option --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is needed in campaign macro
roll initiative --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is always needed and put it in addon macro instead of campaign macro
raise initiative --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is always needed and put it in addon macro instead of campaign macro
decrease initiative --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is always needed and put it in addon macro instead of campaign macro
manual initiative --> Check wether `abfrageImpersonate` is always needed and put it in addon macro instead of campaign macro
attack --> -''-
add SchiP --> -''-
remove SchiP --> -''-
add Astralenergie --> -''-
remove Astralenergie --> -''-
add Karmeenergie --> -''-
remove Karmeenergie --> -''-
counter --> -''-
countUp --> -''-
countDown --> -''-

--------
Credits
--------

Vielen Dank an alle kreativen Köpfe die ihre Grafik-Arbeiten kostenlos zur Verfügung stellen, damit Projekte wie dieses hier nicht nur funktionieren, sondern auch noch gut aussehen:
Ashiroxzer, Ravenmore (http://dycha.net), Lamoot, TRaK, StumpyStrust, game-icons.net, CoveredInFish, yd, Silver Style Studios GmbH (Heldenatelier Fanpaket), Ulisses

Weiterhin Dank an:
- Farlon - Entwickler des Frameworks für DSA 4.1 auf dessen Arbeit ich aufsetzten durfte
- EvS - Der viel der Vorarbeit geleistet hat Farlons Framework zu portieren
- Lector - Entwickler, der das Framework zu dem gebracht hat, was es jetzt ist
