macro_4.mts => kalZGEndProcess
macro_8.mts => kalenderOptionsProcess
macro_13.mts => weblinkAddProcess
macro_10.mts => kalenderJahrNullInfo
macro_11.mts => gewichtsrechner
macro_5.mts => waehrungTeil5
macro_9.mts => laengenrechner
macro_19.mts => kalZG
macro_7.mts => waehrungTeil6
macro_17.mts => kalenderMain
macro_18.mts => uhrzeitProcess
macro_21.mts => kalZGDatumProcess
macro_12.mts => weblinkAdd
macro_0.mts => waehrung
macro_6.mts => kalenderOptions
macro_14.mts => weblinkDel
macro_16.mts => copyTokenDataProcess
macro_3.mts => waehrungTeil3
macro_20.mts => kalZGSystemProcess
macro_2.mts => waehrungTeil4
macro_15.mts => copyTokenData
macro_1.mts => waehrungTeil2
